EASY-2127 update README.md and test-resources (#24)
DANS-KNAW/easy-sword2-dans-examples: README.md

Introduction
--------------------

Depositing in EASY via the SWORD v2.0 protocol is basically a two-phase process:

* Submitting a deposit for ingest.
* Tracking the state of the deposit as it goes through the ingest-flow, until it reaches ARCHIVED status.

The following diagram details this a bit further.

![SWORD diagram](https://easy.dans.knaw.nl/doc/img/sword2.png)

1. Client creates a deposit package.
2. Client sends deposit package to SWORD2 Service, getting back a URL to track the deposit's state.
3. SWORD Service unzips and validates deposit.
4. EASY Ingest Flow performs checks and transformations and creates a dataset in Archival Storage.
5. EASY Ingest Flow reports back success or failure to SWORD Service.

3-5. During this time the Client periodically checks the deposit state through the URL received in step 2.
If the final state of `ARCHIVED` is reached, the process is concluded successfully. Other outcomes may be `INVALID` (the package did not meet the requirements of the SWORD service) or `REJECTED` (the package did not meet the requirements of the EASY Ingest Flow). In case the server encountered an unknown error `FAILED` will be returned.

Getting started

> -------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---------------
```

The following is a step-by-step instruction on how to run these examples using the DANS
acceptance test server at https://act.easy.dans.knaw.nl/. 

> 1. From your account manager at DANS request access to the acceptance test server. In order to access the acceptance test server your IP address (range) needs to be whitelisted.

Reviewer: Whitelisting is no longer necessary.

> 1. From your account manager at DANS request access to the acceptance test server. In order to access the acceptance test server your IP address (range) needs to be whitelisted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From your account manager at DANS request access to the acceptance test server. The account manager will provide the information necessary to connect.
```

2. Create an EASY account via https://act.easy.dans.knaw.nl/ui/register.
3. From your account manager at DANS request the account to be enabled for SWORD deposits.

> 4. From your account manager at DANS inquire which flow the account is configured for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. From your account manager at DANS inquire which flow (see next section) the account is configured for.
```

### Flow types

> The SWORD service will automatically select a flow for the data when a deposit is submitted. The flow that is selected depends on the agreement between the client company and DANS. The following is a list of the available flows, with a general description of each:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SWORD service will automatically select a flow for the data when a deposit is submitted. The flow that is selected depends on the agreement between the depositor organization and DANS. The flow configured for your account will be one of the following:
```

> * `Default` - this flow is only for internal use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * `Agreement` - this means a Depositor License Agreement Contract is in place. The datasets will be disseminated by DANS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Agreement` - The datasets will be disseminated by DANS. DANS will mint DOIs for the datasets. 
```

> * `NoAccess` - the files are not to be disseminated by DANS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NoAccess` - the files are not to be disseminated by DANS. The depositor organization must mint DOIs for the datasets.
```

> The primary difference between the no-access flow and the other flows is that the no-access flow requires a DOI to be present in the metadata.xml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``

These classes can be broken down into the following types: 

1. Common.java; contains elements which are used by all the other classes. This would include parsing, zipping and sending of files. 
2. SimpleDeposit.java; sends a zipped dataset in a single chunk and reports on the status.   
3. ContinuedDeposit.java; sends a zipped bag in chunks of configurable size and reports on the status.
4. SequenceSimpleDeposit.java; calls the SimpleDeposit class multiple times to send multiple bags belonging to a sequence. 
5. SequenceContinuedDeposit.java; calls the ContinuedDeposit class multiple times to send multiple bags belonging to a sequence. 

[Java Example classes]: https://github.com/DANS-KNAW/easy-sword2-dans-examples/tree/master/src/main/java/nl/knaw/dans/easy/sword2examples

	
### Deposit Packaging

The easy-sword2 service requires deposits to be sent as zipped bags (see [BagIt]).
The EASY archive adds some extra requirements.
These are documented on the [EASY SWORDv2 deposit documentation page] and [DANS BagIt Profile].
A command line tool called [xmllint] can be used to validate xml files locally.
  

> [EASY SWORDv2 deposit documentation page]: https://easy.dans.knaw.nl/doc/sword2.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[EASY SWORDv2 deposit documentation page](https://easy.dans.knaw.nl/doc/sword2.html)
```

> [BagIt]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-kunze-bagit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[BagIt](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-kunze-bagit)
```

> [DANS BagIt Profile]: https://github.com/DANS-KNAW/dans-bagit-profile/blob/master/versions/0.0.0.md

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[DANS BagIt Profile](../dans-bagit-profile/blob/master/versions/0.0.0.md)
```

> [xmllint] : http://xmlsoft.org/xmllint.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[xmllint]: http://xmlsoft.org/xmllint.html
```

Always check if your Markdown renders correctly!

### Example Bags

> Examples of bags which meet the specifications of the SWORD depositing interface can be found in the [resources directory]. These bags are categorized by the flow which they are designed for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Examples of bags which meet the specifications of the SWORD depositing interface can be found in the [resources directory](tree/master/src/main/resources). These bags are categorized by the flow which they are designed for.
```

The primary difference between the no-access flow and the other flows is that the no-access flow requires a DOI to be present in the metadata.xml.
The other flows only accept a DOI in the metadata if the bag is intended as an update to the existing dataset.

> [resources directory]: https://github.com/DANS-KNAW/easy-sword2-dans-examples/tree/master/src/main/resources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[resources directory](tree/master/src/main/resources)
```
